[Autogenerated] let us now make a modification to the remote git
repository by adding a read me file to it.
And this read me file is just finer leaders committed.
We have now a nice read me filer in our repository,
adding a process we created a new commit.
The Sha Wana is seven b wana And if we go back to eclipse,
we can see in our history that the last commit we have is full c four
which is not the last commit in our gettable repository.
So the best thing to do for the moment is to fetch those
modification a get this last commit present on the guitar
repository and not present on our local repository.
So for that,
we need to configure the fetch operation which is the second operation
that we haven't touched yet in this origin noted.
So let us do that.
Configure fetch.
Let us check this.
The u airai is correct.
The ssh protocol has been selected a let us click finish advanced.
We want to fetch all the branches and all the tags are Let us click,
finish and say and you see that the credentials we created for the push
operation have also been used for the fetch operation.
So no password has been asked.
Now we can just fetch the modification locally.
Here is the report.
Let us click.
OK, let us go in the history.
Select the project here and we can see that the Origin Devil branch
is on the same commit as I would Devil Branch.
But the Origin Master branch is one commit ahead.
So what we just need to do is to merger this commit in our master branch.
It is, of course, just a fast forward merger.
And they read me.
That modern fighter has been created locally.
Letters add some content to this.
Read me.
Welcome to sample.
Get for Parasite.
This is a simple repository for my pro cycles eclipse for Java.
Developers are used to push on fetch elements.
By the way, we have a nice preview in the Eclipse interface.
Let us commit this code.
Um added some comments in the read me we can directly commit and push.
Let us do that.
This is the report for the push Operation A.
That is close.
Check the history.
The last commit with the leader was the B four.
You see, Let us check here refreshed issue. And indeed, the before we see commit has been properly pushed to get up.